TabbySync syncs bookmarks and saved tab lists between a user's own computers. There is no TabbySync server: the user picks the destination in Settings (their own https:// endpoint, a private GitHub gist, or a JSONBin.io bin) and enters their own credentials, kept only in storage.local.

BUILD PROCESS
No bundler, minifier or transpiler. Every .js, .html and .css file in the zip is the source as written and matches the public repository. The one generated file is manifest.json: the repository's is Chrome's, and scripts/make-manifest.mjs derives the Firefox one at package time, changing three things (each commented there) — service_worker becomes background.scripts, the Chrome-only tabGroups permission is dropped, browser_specific_settings is added.

The source upload is that repository, whole, and is public at https://github.com/RyGull/TabbySync. To rebuild this upload from its root (node 22, bash, zip; no npm install needed):

  npm test                          # 223 tests, 1 skip (no .git in this archive)
  bash scripts/package.sh firefox   # -> dist/tabbysync-1.6.4-firefox.zip

addons-linter on the result: 0 errors, 0 warnings, 0 notices.

NO REMOTE CODE
No eval, no new Function, no remote or CDN scripts. Every fetch() is in bookmarks/lib/sync.js and tabs/storage.js and goes only to the destination the user configured.

PERMISSIONS
No host permissions up front and no content scripts. Host access is requested at runtime, one origin at a time, from the click on "Save and connect" or "Check it works" (options.js, requestAccess) — only the host just typed, or api.github.com / api.jsonbin.io, never a wildcard. A plain http:// server address is refused at save time, because the bearer token travels in an Authorization header outside the encrypted body; optional_host_permissions allows http:// for localhost and 127.0.0.1 only.

DATA COLLECTION
bookmarksInfo and browsingActivity are required because bookmarks and saved tab URLs leave the browser — to a destination the user chooses. The developer receives nothing and runs no server. Nothing is optional and technicalAndInteraction is absent: there is no telemetry.

strict_min_version is 140 (desktop) and 142 (Android): that is where the built-in consent screen exists. Tested on desktop only.

tabs/tablist.js calls chrome.tabs.group behind a feature check, so on Firefox a saved list reopens as plain tabs. tabGroups is not requested in this build.

TO TEST SYNC
Quickest: a free JSONBin.io account (or a GitHub token scoped to gists) — copy the key, choose the matching option in Settings, paste, Save and connect; storage is created on first save. Then Sync now, change a bookmark, sync again. Rather not create an account? Ask and I'll supply a test endpoint and token.

LICENCE
Proprietary and source-available: LICENSE section 1 explicitly permits anyone to read, study and audit the code, so nothing in it restricts review.
